In theory, everything inside of our cluster is now working.
We should have perfect communication between our post pod and the event bus pod as well.
We actually test this stuff out.
We're going to make a post request to post an attempt to create a new post.
Whenever we do that, remember that our current implementation should attempt to reach out to the event
bus service and emit some kind of event.
We should eventually see some kind of console.log or something like that between these two.
Something that says, Oh, an event was just emitted or an event was just received, or something very
similar to that.
So we are going to use that API client called Postman, which we use much earlier inside the course
to send a post to posts.
Well then use the logs command to just make sure that we see some logging information related to emitting
or receiving some kind of event.
So let's get to it.
I've already opened up the API client postman.
So here it is right here.
I'm going to open up a new tab.
We need to make a post request.
And we're going to make this post request to HTTP.
And then remember, we are trying to access the node port service right now that's governing access
to the post port.
So recall that we spoke about node port services just a little bit ago.
Let's see, where is our diagram for it?
Here it is right here.
So remember, if we are trying to access some pod that is running inside of our cluster, we can use
a node port service and we typically only use those for development purposes, which is exactly what
we are doing right now.
Remember that to access that thing we have to use that randomly assigned port.
That usually starts with three.
It's in the 30 thousandths.
And the actual URL that we're going to use depends upon whether you are using Docker for Mac or Windows
or Mini Cube.
So again, if you are making use of mini cube, you will run mini cube IP and that will give you the
IP address that you're going to make your request to.
Otherwise, if you're on Docker for Mac or Windows, you will use local host and then to actually get
the port that we need to make the request to.
We can rerun that.
It'll get Services Command.
We'll see the post service right there of type mode port.
And at the very end is the actual port that we use to get to that node port service from outside of
our cluster.
So for me it is 3402 for you.
It might be something slightly different.
So I will put in localhost.
3402.
For you, you are very likely going to have a different port and if you are using mini key right now,
you will not have local host.
Instead, you will have whatever IP was assigned to you from mini cube.
Then at the very end, we're going to make a post request to post.
Of course.
I'll then go to headers.
I'm going to put in a content type.
Of application JSON.
I'll go to body, we'll go to Raw, put in a title of post.
I'm going to make sure I've got JSON selected over here in the dropdown.
And then here's the big test.
I'll hit send.
And believe it or not, status 201 created, that looks good, but that's really just kind of testing
the functionality that we already verified around the node port service.
Let's now start to pull some logs out of our post pod.
And the event was spot and make sure that these things are exchanging events.
So for that, I'm going to go back over to my terminal.
I'm going to print out all my different pods.
And I'll use the Cube CTL log command to print out some logs from the event bus and the posts board.
So I'll take a look at post first.
I'll do a little logs and then paste in that pod name.
And hey, look at that received event post created.
So what does that little line right there really mean?
Well, it means that when we created that post, our post pod sent a message out to the event bus through
the event bus service.
It sent out the post created events.
The event plus then took that event and emitted it to all of the different services that are running
inside of our cluster right now.
Or I don't really mean to say that.
I mean to say specifically right now, really just the post cluster IP service.
So that means that we were able to send a message to the event bus and receive a message from the event
bus as well.
And that's pretty much it.
So that's really proof that we can get all this stuff working inside of our Kubernetes cluster.
So now to really wrap up our application and finish up all this kind of Kubernetes introduction stuff,
we're going to start to introduce all the other microservices we had put together.
So we are going to create deployments and cluster IP services for comments, moderation and query.
And then we're going to make sure that all these things have the correct URLs that are going to attempt
to access the event bus or the appropriate microservice and so on.
So let's start that final step of integration in just a moment.